Crom my contribution (#2731)
Codecademy/docs: content/cybersecurity/concepts/malware/terms/trojan/trojan.md

---
Title: 'Trojan' 

> Description: 'A trojan is a type of malware that downloads onto a computer disguised as a legitimate program.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'A type of malicious software that appears harmless but secretly carries out harmful actions on a computer system'
```
